Issues me (#124)
formal-methods-mpi/Workshop.jl: docs/src/index.md

After the workshop, we encourage you to continue experimenting with Julia, apply the skills you've learned to real-world projects, and leverage the resources and community support available to further your knowledge.
To start you on this journey we have prepared the [Additional Materials](@ref) section.
By thoughtfully engaging with the workshop content and activities, you'll be well-prepared to harness the full potential of Julia and excel in your projects.

## Who we are
- [Maximilian Ernst](https://github.com/Maximilian-Stefan-Ernst) is a PhD Student at the Max Planck School of Cognition.
- [Moritz Ketzer](https://www.mps-ucl-centre.mpg.de/people/126423) is a PhD student at the International Max Planck Research School on Computational Methods in Psychiatry and Ageing Research.

> - [Aaron Peikert](https://www.mpib-berlin.mpg.de/person/103737/2549) is leading a research group at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Aaron Peikert](https://www.mpib-berlin.mpg.de/person/103737/2549) is principle investigator of the Formal Methods group at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development.
```
